Repair dead links (#338)
libp2p/docs: content/concepts/contribute/community.md

Visit our [discussion forums](https://discuss.libp2p.io) to ask questions about [using libp2p](https://discuss.libp2p.io/c/users), discuss exciting [research](https://discuss.libp2p.io/c/research), and [stay up to date with important announcements](https://discuss.libp2p.io/c/news).

> We also often hang out on [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/ipfs) and in the #libp2p-implementers channel in the [Filecoin slack](https://filecoinproject.slack.com
> ). While Discord is a great places for live chats, remember that discussions can get lost in a sea of messages. For long-lived discussion & support, [the discussion forums](https://discuss.libp2p.io) are the way to go.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also hang out in the #libp2p-implementers channel in the [Filecoin slack](https://http://filecoin.io/slack).
```
